# docmd.config.json

The `docmd.config.json` file is used to configure the documentation that is generated by Docmd. The configuration file can be used to set the title, description, and other settings for the documentation.

To get started, create a `docmd.config.json` file in the root of your documentation directory. The configuration file should be a JSON object with the following properties:

- `$schema` - The URL to the JSON schema for the configuration file. This is used to validate the configuration file.
- [`title`](/configuration/title) - The title of the documentation. (required)
- [`description`](/configuration/description) - A short description of the documentation. (required)
- [`domain`](/configuration/domain) - The domain where the documentation will be hosted.
- [`logoPath`](/configuration/logoPath) - The path to the logo image that will be displayed in the header of the documentation.
- [`theme`](/configuration/theme) - The name of the theme that will be used to style the documentation.
- [`pages`](/configuration/pages) - An array of pages that will be included in the documentation. (required)
- [`entry`](/configuration/entry) - The path to the entry markdown file that will be used as the home page of the documentation. (default: `/index.md`)
- [`errors`](/configuration/errors) - An object that defines the error pages that will be displayed when an error occurs.
- [`outDir`](/configuration/outDir) - The directory where the generated documentation will be saved. (default: `./dist`)

The following is an example `docmd.config.json` file:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danecwalker/docmd/main/schemas/docmd.schema.json",
  "title": "Docmd",
  "description": "A simple documentation generator for markdown files",
  "domain": "https://www.docmd.com",
  "logoPath": "/logo.png",
  "theme": "default",
  "pages": [
    {
      "title": "Getting Started",
      "path": "/getting-started.md"
    }
  ],
  "entry": "/index.md",
  "errors": {
    "404": "/404.md",
    "500": "/500.md"
  },
  "outDir": "./docs"
}
```